However simple crack growth models can be produced for transversal defects in the rail head area (see Appendix A - page 25).
Starting from a defect free rail surface, it is possible to avoid appearance of surface initiated cracks by grinding on a regular basis.
We have a strong balance sheet and have accumulated a lot of profit over the years and some of that has obviously been used in 2020.
The value of improving communication channels with passengers, something SJ has embraced through its various apps and channels, also became evident at the height of the pandemic.
After evacuation and purging is completed, reduce the charge heater fires to maintain 205°C (400°F) firebox temperatures if the coils are fabricated from austenitic stainless steel.
The financial intermediary referred to in the preceding paragraph shall, by the end of the 5th (fifth) trading day prior to the day of the General Meeting, send to the Chairman of the General Meeting information concerning the number of shares registered on behalf of the shareholder whose intention to participate in the General Meeting has been communicated to it in accordance with the preceding paragraph, as well as the date of registration of said shares.
The correct cost estimate of the project should be based on recent cost data, which are steel bridge construction projects with similar size and contract conditions in PNG.
The Engineer has investigated basic cost, which are material, labor, equipment price of local in PNG and international price.
For higher severity Platforming Units, mainly found in CCR applications, the feed sulfur level is maintained between 0.15 - 0.5 weight ppm.
Inspection of installations should include attention to location of transmitters with respect to the connection point; to piping for proper drainage, and for proper valves and gaskets; to transmitters and control valves to ensure that they are not installed backwards; and to special treatments such as winterizing for proper coverage and insulation.
The light emission occurs at the luminaire’s bottom face through a semi-transparent membrane, thus creating a gentle light atmosphere in the seating and access areas while creating an invigorating element in this daylight-deprived space through its high-quality appearance.
The slight moderation was due to a slower increase in prices of food and nonalcoholic beverages group at 3.4% (Q2 2016: 4.2%) as well as housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels group at 2.2% (Q2 2016: 2.5%).
Test per the requirements of ASTM D975, Standard Specification for Diesel Fuel Oils, or ASTM D6751, Standard Specification for Biodiesel Fuel Blend Stock (B100) for Middle Distillate Fuels, as approved by the engine manufacturer, using ASTM D7462, Standard Test Method for Oxidation Stability of Biodiesel (B100) and Blends of Biodiesel with Middle Distillate Petroleum Fuel (Accelerated Method).
This may include staging the forces physically in their vehicles or aircraft with the engines running.
This series aims to report new developments in the ﬁelds of control and information sciences—quickly, informally and at a high level.
However, for cooperation it is necessary that the automation ensures agreement of the driver before, e.g., through the driver allowing the system to overtake by itself in advance or through the system communicating the plan to the driver before executing it.
Thermometric equipment -An armoured thermometer reading from 35°C to 205°C shall be fixed in the bitumen feed line of the mixing plant at a suitable location near the discharge valve at the mixer unit.
India has recorded the second highest number of positive Covid-19 cases globally after the US.
As IndiGo adopted IFRS 16 for the first time in FY2019, the results are shown both as stated in the financial statements (“As Stated”) and with IFRS adjustments removed in order to view the key metrics without this distortion.
Although IndiGo has limited undrawn credit lines at present, IndiGo is well placed for its liquidity given cash on-hand and as it has financed all its aircraft deliveries in 1H 2021 through SLB campaigns.
Documentation of alternate protection that will be provided during the impairment and contingency plans for unforeseen events during the impairment.
Verify that hand portable and wheeled extinguishers are in place, pressure is within normal range (where extinguishers are pressurized), tamper seal is in place and extinguisher is ready for use.
SŽ has selected a consortium of Sudop Prague, Egis Rail and Mott MacDonald to produce documentation for the construction of a high-speed line between Prague Běchovice and Poříčany, which forms part of the line from Prague to Pardubice, Brno and Ostrava.
BRIGHTLINE West hopes to begin construction of its $US 8.4bn 270km California – Las Vegas high-speed line in the second quarter of 2021.
He is convinced that the cooperation between railways and European suppliers will be reinforced to achieve a common goal: making rail transport the backbone of the mobility of the future.
The UIC has performed very well in cooperation with the members in spite of the difficult situation.
Fleets from GOL Airlines of Brazil and Sky Regional Airlines of Canada have joined a growing list of more than 10,000 aircraft worldwide harnessing the power of Honeywell Forge, with more than 3,000 using the Honeywell Forge Flight Efficiency module to make their airline more profitable.
Eight households and 41 residents will be relocated to a nearby area within 100m of the existing households as agreed between residents and SW.
The matter involves advising Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co. Ltd (SPDB) in relation to your review of and agreement to documentation drafted in regard to a partial repayment and extension of maturity of US$62,500,000 6.00% Bonds due 2020 issued by Henan Energy and Chemical Industry Group Co., Ltd. (Issuer), of which Bank of Communications Trustee Limited is Trustee (Trustee)
The price is reported monthly in US Dollars per metric ton delivered Thailand.
The extension to the notation identifies that the functional part being referenced acts as a placeholder for a part of the schema that is not fully elaborated within the functional part currently being defined.
It may occur that part of the infrastructure potential is not available for a period of time and/or over certain sections of line: either because certain installations require operating staff (e.g. manual block, stations only open between certain hours, etc.) and the associated staff costs are considered too high by the infrastructure manager, in relation to the traffic volume within the route/timetable section concerned;
This section describes various methods which contribute towards improving the practical capacity of infrastructure (for definition see section 3) or making better use of this infrastructure, without having to undertake major investment.